>> Scott Moss: We're gonna check
out the solution branch, and
see how we can get those projects
tested just like we did you tasks.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so if we go look,
let me pull this back up, there we go.
If we go look at the project.spec for
what I have, it's more or
less the same thing
that the task spec was.
The only difference is, probably I
did some different assertions here,
what they expect.
For instance, I'm checking that,
because we're doing the project query that
gets back one project, I wanna make sure
that I'm getting back the correct project.
So I'm checking the IDs
against each other,
which basically is what is happening here.
So this is the unit test, as you can see.
I create a project in the database.
I then run the resolver without a query.
I pass in the expected input.
I mark out the models,
or I inject the models.
And then I just expect that
the result of that resolver's
id is equal to the project
that I created above's id.
So that's that test there.
And then as far as the integration test,
it's the same resolver but
we're actually testing
against the whole query.
So here I just make a query with some
inputs, and then I just go ahead and
test it, I run the query.
I expect no errors to be there,
which I know should be that now.
And, I also expect the data.project
which is this, so to be this so
it will be data.project.
This is project, to have an id field
who's equal to the project's id
that I created in the database.
So that's what that check is there,
and that's how I get these tests.
Any questions on these tests here?
>> Scott Moss: Pretty simple, so again,
like I talked about before, there's
a third way to test, which is basically
testing the strings against each other.
Like if you wanted to important
in that GraphQL file, and
you wanted to test that it stays the same,
then you're basically just
testing out a string that never changes,
so you can totally do that if you want.
You can also just consume
that using a GraphQL Tag,
which converts it to JavaScript and
then you can actually test
the AST of that SKEVA.
And pragmatically check to see if there
fields and stuff like that on it.
So that's a little more advanced, and
that's if you wanna get to that level.
But, I feel like these type of
queries kinda cover a lot of it.
It's really up to you,
how you wanna do it.